It would be better to focus on a single group of products rather than
trying to do everything at once. We need to pick out the product category
and maybe the first three products for this business

We want to optimize for the products that have
1. The maximum frustration of purchase
2. The greatest rate of return purchase for similar products
3. Things that I know best would be an easy place to start
4. Cheaper or things I have already might be better so that I can actually try
   these things out 

Electronics
Apple and Amazon products likely wouldn't work because people know what they
are getting. There are a lot of other bestsellers in electronics that can be
covered though. TVs. Blueray players. Modems. Power adapters. Cables. Computers
could work but it might be a difficult competitive space

Arts & Crafts
Cheap to buy. Disadvantage that I don't know them and I think people really do
want selection

Basic clothing
Colored t-shirts. Underwear. Socks. There are startups doing this already
specifically for tshirts at least

Toiletries
Low cost. People don't buy these things online

More expensive beauty supplies
Razors. Toothbrushes. Makeup. I buy these things often I spend a ton of time
researching. There is a lot of potential here.
The toiletries might not be an awful idea. I might be more willing to buy these
things online if they shipped fast and I knew what worked best

Tools
Might be an excellent idea. People tend to need this on repeat when doing projects. 
It would be really good to just know that a hammer or a saw won't do you wrong.
Can even include nails and screws of all sizes but only one variety.

Automotive
Motor oil. Wipes. Light shit. Not many repeats needed though. It's rare people
need these things

Grocery
No. It has never worked

Kitchen
Yes. Toasters, oven mits, microwaves, etc. People need all of these things. They
need them often and never know what to choose. There are clear winners in all
of these categories

Music stuff
Maybe. It's good for starting but people who are serious about it will need
specific things. Still, it's possible to sell intro drums or an intro keyboard.
Frustration would be lower on this. You could get it easily from a store in ton

Office stuff
Pens. Pencils. Staplers. Maybe. I've been fucked before. Not something I buy
often though

Gardening
Shovels. Seeds. Fertilizer. Could work great. A little less often to purchase
than other things but it would be easy to evaluate. Could go easily with tools

Dog food / cat food
That's grocery stuff

Sports equipment
Yes. Similar category as music though. Purchases are rareish but people don't
really know what to look for and really just hope for the best. If Ankit joins,
we can do this. Also helps to give the brand some immediate sexiness in a way that
home and tool stuff cannot.

Home
Yes but home is a big place. Maybe look for bestsellers at bed bath and beyond?
Bed bath and beyond does have a list of all best sellers. This is helpful.
Top obvious options - espresso machine. pillow. food processor. coffee machine.
cookwear (can make it a set). vacuum cleaner. blender. microwave. baby stroller.
air purifier. sewing maching

The idea is to make the decision dramatically easier for people and make them
feel better about it. I like how wirecutter includes info on how they tested
this that and the other product and what they found out about it. It gives me
confidence in my purchase. However, I think artificial scarcity also helps
a lot.

SEO is going to be very important for this. We can compete for all sorts of
terms on google to get more sales

How do first sales work? SEO will not be viable. Google doesn't allow people
to rise from no where. This really needs a core motivated, frustrated, and
plugged-in community. This is why sports might be better than home/garden/tools.

Possible
Home. Kitchen. Garden. Tools. Sports. Music. Toiletries. Clothing

These rotate around home items. Is there a core group in Home that is unusually
motivated, frustrated, and plugged in?


When was the last time you bought something on line and had to spend an hour
comporing and trying to spot fake reviews? I do this once a week at least and
it is getting more difficult all the time. Now what do trader joes, soylent,
and apple all have in common? They all eliminate choice and make your decision
easier.
At trader joes, you can only buy maybe 6 kinds of peanut butter. You have chunky,
smooth, and unsalted in regular and organic varieties. You already know what
peanut butter you want. Apple is the same. You can buy a smaller or a larger
iphone in 3 different storage capacities. Simple options. Most things that
people buy online can also fit in this model.

Is it possible that we actually want to target the mainstream with this? Early
adopters do want a lot of features and the coolest, newest shit. Mainstream 
people are the ones who struggle with making the choice.

Probably it would be best to target techies who have issues with choosing shit
other than technology.

So is it better to offer home stuff first? Sports are not a big enough industry
to get serious early adopters. Techies will eat up the ability to buy these things - 
maybe with one day delivery - and just have the basics

calcando.com
cansad.com
deerton.com

MVP might be me saying that I'll buy something for you. Or maybe that I'll send
you a comparison three options for something and you decide what you want to
buy. Then, I can slowly improve my templates until I have an actual online store.
It would be great to know immediately where I want to focus my company at.

Maybe I should take a small fee to make it worth my while. I make about 37 an
hour after taxes. Maybe I can charge a $10 fee for doing this? That implies 20
minutes per purchase. It might not be a horrible price. $5 has a nicer ring to
it though. It FEELS reasonable and it is low enough that I can pick up a lot of
customers quickly.

I can optimize this as I get more and more customers until it is eventually a
website. Knowing what people want to buy though will be incredibly helpful as
well as getting feedback on my comparison charts.

There would be some issue with establishing quality. I guess I could ask for 
feedback on the products and offer a generous return policy at first. 

I think I've got a solid plan here. I do this as simply as possible. I build 
the most minimum of a minimum viable product. The remaining problem is how I
start this while keeping my day job at hipmunk until I get into an accelerator.
I only have a very small amount of time every night. I could give this to a
taskrabbit but that introduces cost and lowers the quality. I could farm it to
some other low skill worker also. 

Or maybe I just try it out and when it becomes too much to handle, I take the
leap. I've got some savings for this. The thought of not having health insurance
again and having to find a new job is terrifying though. I've got to wrap my
mind around that before starting this. Maybe this. I start by offering it free
to friends and


